GENERATION:

Jacaranda Tree:					Purple-leafed trees that generate in the Extreme Hills, Heathland, and Mystic Grove.

Pine Tree:						Pine trees that generate in the Canyon, Jade Cliffs, and Mountain.

---

BLOCKS:

Pebbles: 						Small rocks scattered around forest biomes.

Pinecone:						Pinecone that grows under spruce and fir leaves.

Origin Blocks:					Planks, Gravel, Cobblestone, Mossy Cobblestone, Bricks, Block of Diamond, Block of Gold, Block of Iron, Lapis Lazuli Block.

Alpha Essence Ore:				Found in the Promised Land.  Requires an Amethyst pickaxe to mine.

Omega Essence Ore:				Found in the Nether.  Requires an Amethyst pickaxe to mine.

---

ITEMS:

Alpha Essence:					Mined from Alpha Essence Ore.  Used to turn certain blocks into their Origin counterparts.

Omega Essence:					Mined from Omega Essence Ore.  Used to turn Origin blocks back to their normal counterparts.

---

BIOMES CHANGES:

Arctic:							Rename to Snowy Coniferous Forest.

Bayou:							Trees in the water.

Bog:							More realistic (Based on this picture: http://i.imgur.com/hTBmiKo.jpg).

Canyon:							Tweak the tree generation.

Drylands:						Change tree generation and grass/foliage color.

Heathland:						Change tree generation.

Mangrove:						Tweak the tree generation.  Change height values.

Snowy Woods:					Rename to Snowy Dead Forest.

Tundra:							Change current tudra to Arctic.  New one more realistic (Based on this picture: http://i.imgur.com/Wg7keZ0.jpg).

---

OVERWORLD BIOMES:

Hot Springs:					Geysers, pools of water and lava, and decaying spruce trees.

Timber:							Tall, decaying deciduous trees, thorns, and small bushes.

Burning Brush:					A smokey forest with burnt trees, smoldering grass, and ash.

---

NETHER BIOMES:

Undergarden:					Vines, nether wart, giant/small mushrooms.

Corrupted Sands:				Soulsand, bramble, thorns.

Phantasmagoric Inferno:			Lots of lavafalls and lava ponds.

Boneyard:						Skulls, bones sticking out of the ground, large bone structures, and graves.

---

BEACH BIOMES:

Gravel Beach:					A beach covered in gravel.

Lush Beach:						A beach with dune grass, and patches of leaves and grass.

Forested Beach:					A beach with trees.

Rocky Beach:					A beach with jagged rocks.

---

OCEAN BIOMES:

Coral Reef:						Different types of coral, with reef stone on the ocean floor.

Kelp Forest:					Lots and lots of kelp with varying heights.

---

UNDERGROUND BIOMES (If possible):

Crystal Caverns:				Purple, translucent crystals growing around the cavern.

Flooded Caverns:				Lots of water springs and ponds.

Overgrown Caverns:				Vines hanging from the ceiling, small shrubs, and lots of mushrooms.